Dev/3.0 (#496)
Avaiga/taipy-doc: docs/manuals/core/concepts/scope.md

The `Scope^` of a data node is an enum among the following values :

- `Scope.SCENARIO` (Default value)
- `Scope.CYCLE`
- `Scope.GLOBAL`

Each data node has a scope. It is an attribute provided by the `DataNodeConfig^` and represents the _visibility_ of
the data node in the graph of entities. The entities can be described as a graph where each node belongs to one or

> several upper nodes. A data node 'belongs' to at least one scenario, which belongs to a single cycle.

Reviewer: 'upper' is a bit unfortunate here... May be 'parent'?

> several upper nodes. A data node 'belongs' to at least one scenario, which belongs to a single cycle.

Author: ```suggestion
several parent nodes. A data node 'belongs' to at least one scenario belonging to a single cycle.
```
